he was an important aspect of this tragedy
shipwreck with migrants in
Mediterranean this action west
which leads to migration and measures
which we can take to people
stopped leaving home first and foremost
the main thing you can do u holiday
development banks according to the report
international consortium of journalistic
investigations over the past five years
the fault of the world bank to leave the house
forced three and a half million
man from the south add to this
people in the same way affected by
European investment projects
Bank of IMF Restructuring Projects
western countries systematically
privatizes property seize
land and undermine the foundations of society
in southern countries as a result of people
have to leave
they lose their stability
world bank over the past five years
invested 50 billion dollars project
which according to his employees
renders irreversible destructive
impact on society
that is, they knew what would be
the consequences are now visible we we
must break this
cause and effect secondly we
can stop the bombardment of the near
east we can help restore
infrastructure is where their own and
destroyed so we bombed livia
destroying the entire infrastructure of the country if
take part of the means which are world wide
the bank allocates mining
corporations to develop mines and
increase their profits and direct it to
restoration of some infrastructure
countries the situation would improve if we
did not support the al-Sisi regime in Egypt
which is engaged in privatization
takes the most severe measures against
Muslims on the Arab Spring dissidents
people wouldn't have to get in the boat
I think that deal with humanitarian
disaster is necessary but we like
Westerners should also
terminate the fundamental structural
damage caused by waves
migration we think about the solution
problems and only at the last moment
when the situation gets out of control
I sincerely want everyone to understand while we
we will continue such actions
poor countries migrant flow is not
will stop